Rob/1.36.0 docs (#1314)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/apis/scim/SCIMEnterpriseUser.adoc

---
layout: doc
title: SCIM EnterpriseUser APIs
description: APIs for provisioning SCIM EnterpriseUsers in FusionAuth using a SCIM Client
---

== Overview

> This page contains all of the APIs for managing Users through SCIM EnterpriseUser requests.

Author: Yes, it's one of the core schemas defined in the RFC. There is a link to the schemas RFC in the overview as well. I could add another link to it here.

* <<Create a EnterpriseUser>>
* <<Delete a EnterpriseUser>>
* <<Retrieve a EnterpriseUser>>
* <<Update a EnterpriseUser>>

== Create a EnterpriseUser

This API is used to create a new FusionAuth User from a SCIM request.

=== Request

[.api-authentication]
link:/docs/v1/tech/apis/authentication#api-key-authentication[icon:lock[type=fas]] Create a EnterpriseUser from a SCIM request
[.endpoint]
.URI
--
[method]#POST# [uri]#/api/scim/resources/v2/EnterpriseUsers#
--

:http_method: POST
include::/docs/v1/tech/apis/scim/_scim-enterpriseuser-request-body.adoc[]

=== Response

The response for this API contains the User that was just created in SCIM schema format.

:webhook_event:
:create_user:
include::/docs/v1/tech/apis/_standard-post-response-codes.adoc[]
:create_user!:
:webhook_event!:

For FusionAuth SCIM endpoints, any error responses will be returned in standard SCIM schema. See more details in the link:/docs/v1/tech/apis/scim[SCIM API Overview].

:create_user:
include::/docs/v1/tech/apis/scim/_scim-enterpriseuser-response-body.adoc[]
:create_user!:

== Delete a EnterpriseUser

> This API is used to delete a FusionAuth User through a SCIM request. You must specify the Id of the User on the URI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API is used to hard delete a FusionAuth User through a SCIM request. You must specify the Id of the User on the URI.
```

For FusionAuth SCIM endpoints, any error responses will be returned in standard SCIM schema. See more details in the link:/docs/v1/tech/apis/scim[SCIM API Overview].

== Retrieve a EnterpriseUser

This API is used to retrieve a FusionAuth User in SCIM schema format through a SCIM request.

=== Request

[.api-authentication]
link:/docs/v1/tech/apis/authentication#api-key-authentication[icon:lock[type=fas]] Retrieves a EnterpriseUser through a SCIM request
[.endpoint]
.URI
--
[method]#GET# [uri]#/api/scim/resources/v2/EnterpriseUsers/`\{userId\}`#
--
==== Request Parameters

[.api]
[field]#userId# [type]#[UUID]# [optional]#Optional#::
The FusionAuth userId.

:http_method: GET

=== Response

The response for this API contains the User in SCIM schema format.

:webhook_event:
:create_user:
include::/docs/v1/tech/apis/_standard-post-response-codes.adoc[]
:create_user!:
:webhook_event!:

For FusionAuth SCIM endpoints, any error responses will be returned in standard SCIM schema. See more details in the link:/docs/v1/tech/apis/scim[SCIM API Overview].

:create_user:
include::/docs/v1/tech/apis/scim/_scim-enterpriseuser-response-body.adoc[]
:create_user!:

== Update a EnterpriseUser

> This API is used to update a new FusionAuth User from a SCIM request. This is a true update meaning that the FusionAuth User will be overwritten with only the data contained in the request. It is NOT a partial update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API is used to update a new FusionAuth User from a SCIM request. The FusionAuth User will be overwritten by  the data contained in the request. It is not a partial update or a patch. The only exceptions are ...
```

I assume we aren't updating the password, salt, encryptionScheme fields with this? Or are we?

Author: It will actually update the password per SCIM specification

=== Request

[.api-authentication]
link:/docs/v1/tech/apis/authentication#api-key-authentication[icon:lock[type=fas]] Updates a EnterpriseUser from a SCIM request
[.endpoint]
.URI
--
[method]#PUT# [uri]#/api/scim/resources/v2/EnterpriseUsers/`\{userId\}`#
--
==== Request Parameters

[.api]
[field]#userId# [type]#[UUID]# [optional]#Optional#::
The FusionAuth userId.

:http_method: PUT
include::/docs/v1/tech/apis/scim/_scim-enterpriseuser-request-body.adoc[]

=== Response

> The response for this API contains the User that was just updated in SCIM schema format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response for this API contains the User that was updated in SCIM schema format.
```

:webhook_event:
:create_user:
include::/docs/v1/tech/apis/_standard-post-response-codes.adoc[]
:create_user!:
:webhook_event!:

> For FusionAuth SCIM endpoints, any error responses will be returned in standard SCIM schema. See more details in the link:/docs/v1/tech/apis/scim[SCIM API Overview].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For SCIM endpoints, error responses will be returned in standard SCIM schema. See more details in the link:/docs/v1/tech/apis/scim[SCIM API Overview].
```

Reviewer: I don't know that there is value in saying `FusionAuth SCIM` instead of SCIM. Are there other kinds of SCIM endpoints we'll be documenting?
